Taxonomy resolution for Visual WG
---------------------------------

A submission spreadsheet is required to contain pub-genus, pub-species, with non-empty values for each row. 
It can also contain optional columns pub-class, pub-order, pub-family, as well as pub-subspecies, 
which may have empty values in rows. 

Peter's taxonomy resolution table contains
auth-synonym, auth-class, auth-order, auth-family, auth-genus, auth-species, auth-sourceid

In a summary: 
In order to determine the authoritative Class, Order, Family, Genus, and Species 
to be used as keys in data merging,  
we concatenate (with spaces in between) pub-genus and pub-species (and, when available, pub-subspecies)
and look for a matching auth-synonym.  
This can return zero, one, or multiple matches from the taxonomy resolution table.  
In the latter case, we try to resolve the ambiguity using pub-family, if supplied.

If after this, we determine exactly one matching row from the resolution table, 
the row from the spreadsheet is accepted for merge, but under the taxon name 
that may differ from the submitted one, in part of in full. 

The row from the spreadsheet is ignored in merge if its taxa matches were 
not found or remained ambiguous.  


For details, here is the table summarizing tests and actions constituting the 
matching of (pub-genus + pub-species + pub-subbspecies) against auth-synonym: 
(These also are the status columns showing up in the resolution reports.)


binom_match	fam_match	pub_auth_agreement	 	taxon_action    data_action 
---------   ---------	--------------  	 	------------	-----------
notfound	n/a			n/a					 	notfound		ignore
exact		n/a			nopub				 	writein			accept 
exact		n/a			agree			 		ok				accept
exact		n/a			disagree				override		accept        

ambig		nopub		n/a						foundmany		ignore

ambig		notfound	n/a						foundmany		ignore
ambig		exact		nopub					writein			accept
ambig		exact		agree					ok				accept
ambig		exact		disagree				override		accept
ambig		ambig		n/a						foundmany		ignore

Legend: 

binom_match - the outcome of matching (pub-genus + pub-species + pub-subbspecies) against auth-synonym.

fam_match - the outcome of matching pub-family against auth-family, for the results of an ambiguous binom_match

pub_auth_agreement - the status of agreement/disagreement between the submitted publication name 
                     and the found authoritaitve name 


notfound:  no match of (pub-genus + ' ' + pub-species) against auth-synonym, 
           or no match of subm-family against auth-family, as appropriate
           
exact: exactly one matching authority entry was found

ambig: 2 or more matching authority entries 

nopub: no value was provided for subm-family or for (subm-class, subm-order, subm-family), as appropriate. 
agree:  subm-xxx was provided and agrees with auth-xxx
disagree: the opposite

ok:        subm-xxx will be accepted as is, since they matched the ones from auth-xxx
override:  subm-xxx will be replaced with those from auth-xxx
wtritein:  auth-xxx will be used, since subm-xxx were not provided

accept:  the data row will be placed in the merged spreadsheet
ignore:  the data row will be excluded from the merge